In my Docker Desktop,
you can see any of the containers you currently have in there
and that our conference container is running.
So if I expand that, inside of here, you can tell that there is our container.
And if I click into it, you can see the log files that tells you it was created,
it was running, which port it's running on.
All of that information is displayed,
and it literally did all of that from that docker‑compose file.
So just to clarify how much simpler that was, once
I got Docker Desktop installed,
I literally went out, put a docker‑compose file inside of our application
with seven or eight lines inside of it that went out,
downloaded the instance for us,
set up the username and password and the port mappings,
and we're up and running.
We have our database set up for our application, ready to start development against.